welcome back I have a review for you
guys I am part of this website called
brand backer and that is for people that
have blogs YouTube do some sort of
beauty involvement have like some sort
of Beauty involvement and what you do is
you can go on to the website which I'll
link below and you can get products for
free from companies to review and to
check out and to tell your subscribers
about so I had joined this a while ago
and I get random products here and there
I've never really gotten anything from
them that I've been really excited about
so I've never done any sort of a video
or post on it until now I received this
package from HASC
I don't know what the proper name of the
company is I think it's just a cast and
they sent me this bathroom caddy which
is actually a really cute really cute
color and they sent me a whole bunch of
their hair products to try out now I've
been using them for about two weeks I've
actually started using them the day I
got my hair recolored out of the pink
and my hair was so so dry from all the
processing and I got a glaze put in
which really helped the hair and now
I've been using these products for two
weeks and I can honestly sit here and
tell you guys about them and I am so
excited like I found my new Holy Grail
products for my hair and I am so excited
anyway let me just get into it
um in this package came to hair
conditioners and two to shampoos and two
conditioners so I'll show you the one I
use today and that's this one and these
are called the keratin protein smoothing
smoothing shampoo and conditioner so all
their products are so thick free well
let me just read you the bottom they're
free of sulfates and parabens that was a
lot right um
free of sulfate apparent and
it's keratin protein actually the back
has a little bit more all the free of
sulfates parabens Fela bellies gluten
alcohol and artificial colors and let me
just continue to read it says gif
damaged over process hair and miracle
makeover with has keratin protein
smoothing shampoo infused with
hydrolysis keratin to reduce frizz and
block humidity this shampoo gently
cleanses leaving the hair most on
leaving the most unruly of hair soft and
revitalized with incredible shine it's
yellow frizzy dry or color treated hair
with shampoo delicious scent wall
invigorate your senses oh my god they're
not even lying this shampoo oh it's so
delicious like my hair smells so good
like it would be in my mouth like I'd be
smelling it right now if I wasn't scared
about getting into my lipstick it's so
delicious like the smell is amazing and
so this is the smoothing conditioner and
shampoo and what also came it came in
like packs okay and what came with that
is well where is the it came with a a
special argan oil that that comes with
the pear and this is the healing shine
hair treatment this is argan oil so you
put a little bit of this in your in your
pump and you rub it through which I can
only use a tiny little bit cuz I my hair
is greasy and it also comes with an
accompanying deep conditioner hair
treatment which is a mask which is a
argan oil from Morocco see mine has like
a ton of product and I just kind of like
clip the side off and I've been using
this one oh my god it smells so good
like it smells so good and the second
set that actually comes with the comes
with this is the repairing shampoo and
conditioner I've only used this one
twice I've been using the other one more
because I don't know I like to get a
real feel for the first one and then
I've been using this one like I I use
this one what was it two days ago last
time I washed my hair before today so
probably Friday yeah today Sunday I use
this Friday
this smells oh my god it smells good too
I have to go oh my god I just like
dropped it oh this one has like that
more citrusy smell like like vanilla no
it's like it's like grapefruit meets
vanilla so delicious and this one is for
this one's also free of sulfates and and
this one's for more like frizzy hair let
me read you the sign it says frizz hair
gotcha fries all damaged hair got you
down revive or restore the look of your
hair with has argan oil and Moroccan
repelling repairing shampoo infused with
moisture argan oil shampoo penetrates
the hair shaft clemstef gently cleanses
repairs damage breakups without leaving
your the most rebellious hair frizz free
silky soft and super glossy these
shampoo and conditioners are amazing and
this also came with an argan oil and a
hair mask this comes with an argan oil
for smoothing shine and it also came
with a keratin protein deep conditioner
and it actually comes with a hair band
as well but I haven't used this hair
mascara because I still have so much
left in this one and I wanted to use us
I also use these products on my hair
extensions as well and they've made them
super shiny and pretty so um the purpose
of this video was to obviously tell you
guys about that amazing shampoo and
conditioner and argan oil because they
are so good and have really made my hair
like so soft and silky and manageable
especially with like everything I've
done to it over the last I don't know a
month but also to tell you about brand
backer which is that website that I
joined that I was able to get these
products from so if you guys haven't
heard of it before you want to check it
out I'm gonna link it below I'm also
gonna link the website where you guys
can check out this shampoo conditioner I
know I affiliated with these companies
by the way like I've said these products
for free obviously as I've told you but
these are an affiliate links I'm not
paid to say anything nor was I asked to
say anything about these products so
they're just that good I'm totally
obsessed like I'm totally obsessed with
this shampoo conditioner and the argan
oil is like oh my god I love it so much
so that's it I just wanted to put out a
quick video let you guys know about it I
know a lot of people are asking me about
how I'm bringing my hair back after I've
like damaged the hell out of it and I
wanted to bring you guys in on my little
um a little secret so that's my secret I
hope this was helpful for you guys if it
was just go ahead give my video a thumbs
up subscribe to my channel if you
haven't already and I'll see you guys in
the next video bye guys